[docs] Fix broken link & update MUI packages explanation (#29583)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/guides/understand-mui-packages/understand-mui-packages.md

The packages can be categorized into 3 layers, as shown in the picture below:

> <img src="/static/images/packages/mui-packages.png" style="display: block; width: 448px; max-width: 100%; margin: auto;" />

Author: remove spacing in the image to make it looks good in mobile.

Reviewer: This style seems to already comes by default

```suggestion
<img src="/static/images/packages/mui-packages.png" style="display: block; width: 448px; margin: auto;" />
```

The packages can be categorized into 3 layers, as shown in the picture below:

<img src="/static/images/packages/mui-packages.png" style="display: block; width: 448px; max-width: 100%; margin: auto;" />

Let's take a look at each layer to understand how they work together, starting from the bottom:

> 💡 Glossary
>

> > **install** refers to the action when you run `yarn add $module` or `npm install $module`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **install** refers to running `yarn add $module` or `npm install $module`.
```

>

> > **import** refers to making a module API available in your code by adding `import ... from '$module'`.

Reviewer: Would have a ul > li here help? I personally got confused the first time I read this section:

<img width="451" alt="Screenshot 2021-11-10 at 12 01 29" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3165635/141101526-24b6d19e-b050-4d29-aaf1-80262ded0f2b.png">

Author: 👍

> > **import** means you want to use some APIs from the module by writing `import ... from '$module'`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **import** refers to making a module API available in your code by adding `import ... from '$module'`.
```

## Styled engines

> This layer is specifically related to stylesheet generation (CSS-in-JS). We have introduced new styled-engines in v5 to unlock more possibilities and enable enhanced customization. Usually, developers does not need to interact with this layer on a daily basis because it is used internally in `@mui/system`.

Reviewer: Prefer one line per sentence. Also, I changed does -> do, we -> MUI

```suggestion
This layer is specifically related to stylesheet generation (CSS-in-JS).
MUI has introduced new styled-engines in v5 to unlock more possibilities and enable enhanced customization.
Usually, developers do not need to interact with this layer on a daily basis because it is used internally in `@mui/system`.
```

> This layer is specifically related to stylesheet generation (CSS-in-js). We have introduced new styled-engines in v5 to unlock more possibilities and enable customization enhancement. Usually, developers does not need to interact with this layer on a daily basis because it is used internally in `@mui/system`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This layer is specifically related to stylesheet generation (CSS-in-JS). We have introduced new styled-engines in v5 to unlock more possibilities and enable enhanced customization. Usually, developers does not need to interact with this layer on a daily basis because it is used internally in `@mui/system`.
```

They come in two packages:

> - `@mui/styled-engine` : an [emotion](https://emotion.sh/docs/styled) wrapper

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `@mui/styled-engine` : an [emotion](https://emotion.sh/docs/styled) wrapper.
```

> - `@mui/styled-engine-sc` : a [styled-components](https://styled-components.com/docs/basics#getting-started) wrapper

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `@mui/styled-engine-sc` : a [styled-components](https://styled-components.com/docs/basics#getting-started) wrapper.
```

> The reason that we create these adapters is to unify the APIs to support both `emotion` and `styled-components`, so that developers can choose what suit them the most.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These adapters unify the APIs of both `emotion` and `styled-components`, so that developers can choose to use whichever suits them best.
```

> The old styled-engine `@mui/styles` (JSS wrapper) is deprecated and will be removed in the future.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The previous style library `@mui/styles` (JSS wrapper) is deprecated and will be removed in the future.
```

> > The details about changing styling solution is in [this RFC](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/issues/22342)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> The details about the change in styling solution are in [this RFC](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/issues/22342).
```

## System

There is only one package in this layer - `@mui/system`.

> It uses emotion adapter (`@mui/styled-engine`) as a default styled-engine to create APIs for building a design system from scratch. For example, [`styled`](/system/styled/#main-content) from the styled-engine is enhanced to provide more theming capabilities.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It uses the emotion adapter (`@mui/styled-engine`) as the default styled-engine to create APIs for building a design system from scratch. For example, [`styled`](/system/styled/#main-content) from the styled-engine is enhanced to provide more theming capabilities.
```

If you want to switch the styled-engine to use styled-components, [follow this guide](/guides/styled-engine/#how-to-switch-to-styled-components).

> <img src="/static/images/packages/mui-system.png" style="display: block; width: 720px; max-width: 100%; margin: 40px auto;" />

Reviewer: I believe it comes by default.

```suggestion
<img src="/static/images/packages/mui-system.png" style="display: block; width: 720px; margin: 40px auto;" />
```

Here are some benefits:

- You have full control of the `theme` object.
- The `styled` API supports the `sx` prop by default.
- Components created with `styled` are themeable via slots & variants.

> > **Note**: you will have to install either `emotion` or `styled-components`, because the styled-engine package depends on it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note**: you will have to install either `emotion` or `styled-components`, because the respective styled-engine package depends on it.
```
